# blasmodcli

This is a command line interface to help manage mods for Blasphemous and Blasphemous II on Linux.
There is already a mod installer, but at the time being it is only available for Windows.
In the meantime, this script should cover basic use cases, to automate the process of installing and managing mods.

## Installation

Simply run inside a terminal:
```shell
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/salamint/blasmodcli/main/scripts/utils/install.sh)"
```
This will clone the repository, create a virtual environment at a specific non-obtrusive location,
and install all dependencies. You can then either add the scripts folder to your `$PATH` variable,
or add a symbolic link to the scripts in a folder already in your `$PATH`.

### Requirements
Dependencies are automatically installed inside the virtual environment generated by the installer.
- [Python](https://www.python.org/) >= 3.9
- the [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) Python module

## Features

For a game:
- List all mods available, mods that are installed, and mods that are activated.
- Search mods (can be improved).
- Configure the modding tools (i.e. install them), only available for Blasphemous at the moment.
- Backup your saves.
- Update the mod database.
- Clear the modding directory (deletes every activated mod).

For a mod:
- Install a mod.
- Activate a mod.
- Deactivate a mod (can be improved).

### TODO list
List of features that needs to be implemented.
- [ ] Add the option to configure the modding tools for Blasphemous II.
- [ ] Add a handler to uninstall mods.
- [ ] Add a handler to upgrade one or every installed mods to their latest version.
- [ ] Deactivate the mods that depend on a mod that has been deactivated/uninstalled.
- [ ] Add the option to deactivate mods recursively (deactivate a mod and its dependencies).

## Usage

```shell
# For Blasphemous (the first game)
blasmodcli --help
blasmodcli <action> [args]
blasmodcli <action> --help
# For Blasphemous II (the sequel)
blas2modcli --help
blas2modcli <action> [args]
blas2modcli <action> --help
```
